[JavaScript] Add Array Loops concept exercise (#2126)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/array-loops/.docs/introduction.md

<!--
This is the markdown file with the introduction to the concept and exercise.

See https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/concept-exercises.md#docsintroductionmd
-->

> In JavaScript, arrays are used to store multiple values in a single variable! These values can be of any type you choose, and can even be of multiple types. Arrays are also given lots of built-in methods, some of which can be used to loop over the values, giving you access to a single one on each iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, arrays are used to store multiple values in a single variable! These values can be of any type, and can even be of multiple types. Arrays are also given lots of built-in methods, some of which can be used to loop over the values, giving access to a single one on each iteration.
```

Each of these built-in methods have a different use case, and differing syntaxes to go along with them.

> Looping over an array using its prototype is as easy as invoking `Array.prototype.forEach`. `forEach` takes in two parameters: a callback function and a lexical context. The callback is a function that is called every time the loop index is increased, and takes in three parameters: the current value, the current index, and the array as a whole. The second parameter to `forEach` is useful when using this method in another prototypal context (don't worry if you don't understand this right now, we'll provide some examples.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looping over an array using its prototype can be accomplished using `Array.prototype.forEach`. `forEach` takes in two parameters: a callback function and a lexical context. The callback is a function that is called every time the loop index is increased, and takes in three parameters: the current value, the current index, and the array as a whole. The second parameter to `forEach` is useful when using this method in another prototypal context (which is out of scope for this exercise). 
```

> Note that because `forEach` doesn't directly expose the underlying `for` loops, you cannot use the `break` statement in the callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that because `forEach` doesn't directly expose the underlying `for` loops, the `break` statement cannot be used in the callback.
```

> _Basic example of Array.prototype.forEach_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic example of `Array.prototype.forEach`:
```

```js
const numbers = [1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9]

numbers.forEach((currentValue, currentIndex, fullArray) => {
  if ((currentIndex-- = currentValue)) {
    console.log(fullArray)
  }
})
```

> _Using the second parameter_:
> 
> ```js
> function Counter() {
>   this.sum = 0
>   this.count = 0
> }
> 
> Counter.prototype.add = function (array) {
>   array.forEach((entry) => {
>     this.sum += entry
>     ++this.count
>   }, this)
>   // The use of the second parameter gives Counter.prototype.add access to the properties of the Counter instance.
> }
> 
> const obj = new Counter()
> 
> obj.add([3, 4, 5])
> 
> console.log(obj.count)
> // 3
> console.log(obj.sum)
> // 12
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

> Sometimes, efficiency is more valuable than convenience (for instance, when you're designing a performance-critical algorithm). In this case, you may want to `break` out of the loop at a given point. Although using `forEach` may not allow this, using a conventional `for` loop does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, efficiency is more valuable than convenience (for instance, when you're a performance-critical algorithm). In this case, `break`ing out of the loop at a given point might be preferable. Although using `forEach` may not allow this, the conventional `for` loop does.
```

> _Using a for loop to iterate over an Array_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using a `for` loop to iterate over an `Array`
```

```js
const answersToEverything = [42, 42, 42]

for (let index = 0; index < answersToEverything.length; index++) {
  const currentValue = answersToEverything[index]

>   // Recall that Arrays are 0-indexed. As such, we can just get the current element by using index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Recall that Arrays are 0-indexed. As such, get the current element using the index.
```

  console.log(currentValue)
}
```

---

> However, while you might access the current value in the iteration, you may not need the current index. When this is the case, using a `for .. of` loop may be more suited for the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when only the _value_ is required and not the _index_, using a `for .. of` loop may be more suited for the task.
```

A `for .. of` loop is syntactical sugar that creates a regular `for` loop over an iterable objects. It functions in the same way that a `for` loop does, but without directly exposing the current iteration index.

> _Using a `for .. of` loop using `const`_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using a `for .. of` loop using `const`
```

```js
const numbers = [6.0221515, 10, 23]

> // Because we won't be modifying any of the values, using const is preferable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Because re-assigning number inside the loop will be very confusing, disallowing that via const is preferable.
```

for (const number of numbers) {
  console.log(number)
}

// Output:
// 6.0221515
// 10
// 23
```

> _Using a `for .. of` loop using `let` or `var`_:
> 
> ```js
> const numbers = [18, 62, 82]
> 
> // Using a mutable keyword allows us to change values in the array.
> for (let number of numbers) {
>   number += 1
> 
>   console.log(number)
> }
> 
> // Output:
> // 19
> // 63
> // 83
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
